# Hacked-iphone-whatsapp-HELP
A quote "friend" of mine I think is hacking my phone. How can I tell how and prove? My phone iPhone 7/IE. Here is what I think I know. ... This person works for a major software company and is well versed in Java. We call and txt primarily through WhatsApp but sometimes through Imessage. I believe the hacking is accomplished through steganography, pictures with modified images to deliver payload. I never had any issues until I start talk to this person on WhatsApp  The things that I noticed thus far are,  They are able to make my WhatsApp txts/calls go through only on wifi and not cellular, even after a fresh download of whatsapp I also believe they are somehow able to see my gps location too? Typically the problems occur after sending pics that I have either kept in purgatory in the conversion and sometimes downloaded to phone. Sometimes the dates and timestamps of our conversations in WhatsApp are modified, changed modified to show inaccurate dates. So they have my b date, email phone #.... all key items for ?  In order to stop these issues, I have tried deleting WhatsApp account and starting fresh. I have tried changing iPhone every couple days and doing a fresh start, I have tried doing iPhone factory resets. Eventually they are able to do it again. I have tried switching between WIFI and cellular. Still, eventually results are same.  When they know I have not been to whatsapp and checked message then they Imessage me  Please help me, where do I start to address the issue?  Best, Endless hope (btw I dont know programming)
